[doc] Add Zero Grad `set_to_none=True` trick (#6548)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/benchmarking/performance.rst

    .. code-block:: python

        datamodule = MyDataModule(data_root="/dev/shm/my_data")

Zero Grad ``set_to_none=True``
------------------------------

In order to modestly improve performance, once can override :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.lightning.LightningModule.optimizer_zero_grad`.

For a more detailed explanation of pros / cons of this technique,
read `this <https://pytorch.org/docs/master/optim.html#torch.optim.Optimizer.zero_grad>`_ documentation by the PyTorch team.

.. testcode::

    class Model(LightningModule):

>         def optimizer_zero_grad(self, epoch: int, batch_idx: int, optimizer: Optimizer, optimizer_idx: int):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        def optimizer_zero_grad(self, epoch, batch_idx, optimizer, optimizer_idx):
```

    .. code-block:: python

        datamodule = MyDataModule(data_root="/dev/shm/my_data")

Zero Grad ``set_to_none=True``
------------------------------

> In order to modestly improve performance, once can override :func:`~pytorch_lightning.core.lightning.LightningModule.optimizer_zero_grad`
> 
> For a more detailed explanation of pro / cons of this technique,
> read `this <https://pytorch.org/docs/master/optim.html#torch.optim.Optimizer.zero_grad>`__ documentation by the PyTorch team.
> 
> .. testcode::
> 
>     import pytorch_lightning as pl
> 
>     class Model(pl.LightningModule)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to modestly improve performance, once can override :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.lightning.LightningModule.optimizer_zero_grad`.

For a more detailed explanation of pros / cons of this technique,
read `this <https://pytorch.org/docs/master/optim.html#torch.optim.Optimizer.zero_grad>`_ documentation by the PyTorch team.

.. testcode::

    class Model(LightningModule)
```
